Main event information not displayed on the calendar.

Rightmost column (Saturday) and bottom row(Sixth week) is smaller in size than all the other respective colums and rows.

ADD EVENT-
    EDIT BUTTON-
	1. "edit" button shows a pop-up window that is resizable. Not a bug per se but it allows the user to create a weird looking window.
	2. After editing main event, it's time is showing some extra decimals after seconds(milliseconds?).
    ADD EVENT BUTTON-
	a) After being clicked when no calendar dates are chosen throws ArraysIndexOutOfBoundsException. See Date_Not_Selected.exception.
	b) If any Calendar date in the year 2012 or before is chosen, an exception is thrown. See Invalid_Year_2.exception.
	c) If a blank Calendar date is chosen after 2012, an exception is thrown. See Invalid_Day_2.exception.

	4. After using the "edit" button then choosing a value from the START TIME DROP DOWN MENU:
//DONE		a) Accidentaly choosing "Month" as an option and saving, sets the month to December and the year to the year before.
		b) Accidentaly choosing "Day" as an option and saving, throws an exception. See Suggestion 2 below and Invalid_Day_2.exception.
	    	c) Accidentaly choosing "Year" as an option and saving, throws an exception. See Suggestion 2 below and Invalid_Year.exception.
    	    	d) Accidentaly choosing "Hour" as an option and saving, sets the hour to midnight if the AM radio button is chosen, midday otherwise.
    	    	e) Accidentaly choosing "Minute" as an option and saving, throws an exception. See Suggestion 4 below and Invalid_Minute.exception.
	   5. After using the "edit" button then choosing a value from the END TIME DROP DOWN MENU:
	    a) Accidentaly choosing "Month" as an option and saving, throws an exception. See Suggestion 4 below and Invalid_Month.exception.
	    b) Accidentaly choosing "Day" as an option and saving, throws an exception. See Suggestion 4 below and Invalid_Day.exception.
	    c) Accidentaly choosing "Year" as an option and saving, throws an exception. See Suggestion 4 below and Invalid_Year.exception.
    	    d) Accidentaly choosing "Hour" as an option and saving, sets the hour to midnight if the AM radio button is chosen, midday otherwise.
    	    e) Accidentaly choosing "Minute" as an option and saving, throws an exception. See Suggestion 4 below and Invalid_Minute.exception.

    END TIME DROP DOWN MENU
	It allows for an event to end prior to a start time.

SUGGESTIONS-

1. Consider editing the edit button to restrict the options to only hours and minutes since the user must click on that calendar Day, Month and Year.
2. Let the user know that he/she entered incorrect information or remove first item from the list as an available option.


