LOG-IN SCREEN-
    	If the incorrect log-in information is entered. The pop-up window shows a "Clo..." button.

CREATE A NEW EVENT-
    BUTTON-
	1. "edit" button shows a pop-up window that is resizable. Not a bug per se but it allows the user to create a weird looking window.
	2. After editing main event, it's time is showing some extra decimals after seconds(milliseconds?).
	3. "close" button and the upper right close button do the same thing: return to the previous pop-up screen. See Suggestion 3.
	4. After using the "edit" button then choosing a value from the START TIME DROP DOWN MENU:
	    a) Accidentaly choosing "Month" as an option and saving, sets the month to December and the year to the year before.
	    b) Accidentaly choosing "Day" as an option and saving, throws an exception. See Suggestion 4 below and Invalid_Day.error for exception.
	    c) Accidentaly choosing "Year" as an option and saving, throws an exception. See Suggestion 4 below and Invalid_Year.error for exception.
    	    d) Accidentaly choosing "Hour" as an option and saving, sets the hour to midnight if the AM radio button is chosen, midday otherwise.
    	    e) Accidentaly choosing "Minute" as an option and saving, throws an exception. See Suggestion 4 below and Invalid_Minute.error for exception.
	5. After using the "edit" button then choosing a value from the END TIME DROP DOWN MENU:
	    a) Accidentaly choosing "Month" as an option and saving, throws an exception. See Suggestion 4 below and Invalid_Month.error for exception.
	    b) Accidentaly choosing "Day" as an option and saving, throws an exception. See Suggestion 4 below and Invalid_Day.error for exception.
	    c) Accidentaly choosing "Year" as an option and saving, throws an exception. See Suggestion 4 below and Invalid_Year.error for exception.
    	    d) Accidentaly choosing "Hour" as an option and saving, sets the hour to midnight if the AM radio button is chosen, midday otherwise.
    	    e) Accidentaly choosing "Minute" as an option and saving, throws an exception. See Suggestion 4 below and Invalid_Minute.error for exception.

    END TIME DROP DOWN MENU-
	It allows for an event to end prior to a start time.
  

FRAME-

1. Logging out then immediately logging in with incorrect information causes the program to display an empty JFrame window.
See Logout_Login.png for the image and Logout_Login.error for the compiler error.



SUGGESTIONS-

1. Consider implementing the Enter keyboard functionality for loggin-in.
2. Allow the adminstrator to create events on other time zones.
3. Remove close button, terminate the program if the upper right close button is clicked and move save button to the right.
4. Let the user know that he/she entered incorrect information or remove first item from the list as an available option.
